c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\espaçoGIS.exe
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\espaçoGIS.pdb
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\obj\x86\Debug\espaçoGIS.espacoGIS.resources
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\obj\x86\Debug\espaçoGIS.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\obj\x86\Debug\espaçoGIS.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\obj\x86\Debug\espaçoGIS.exe
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\obj\x86\Debug\espaçoGIS.pdb
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Controls.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Extensions.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.Forms.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Topology.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Serialization.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Mono.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Controls.pdb
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Controls.xml
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.pdb
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.xml
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Extensions.pdb
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Extensions.xml
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.pdb
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.xml
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.Forms.pdb
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Data.Forms.xml
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.pdb
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.xml
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Topology.pdb
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Topology.xml
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.pdb
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.xml
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms.pdb
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms.xml
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Serialization.pdb
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Serialization.xml
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Mono.pdb
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Mono.xml
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.pdb
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.xml
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\de-DE\DotSpatial.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\it-IT\DotSpatial.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\pt-BR\DotSpatial.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\de-DE\DotSpatial.Symbology.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Data.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\cs\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\de-DE\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\en-US\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\it\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\it-IT\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\pt-BR\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\zh-MO\DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\cs\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\de\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\de-DE\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\el\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\it-IT\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\ja-JP\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\lt\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\nl\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\pt\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\pt-BR\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\ro\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\th\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\vi-VN\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\zh-CN\DotSpatial.Projections.Forms.resources.dll
C:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\obj\x86\Debug\espaçoGIS.espaço.resources
C:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\obj\x86\Debug\espaçoGIS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\mono.security.dll
C:\Users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\bin\Debug\npgsql.dll
C:\Users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\obj\x86\Debug\espaçoGIS.SplashScreen.resources
C:\Users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\obj\x86\Debug\espaçoGIS.stArea.resources
C:\Users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\obj\x86\Debug\espaçoGIS.sqlQuery.resources
C:\Users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\obj\x86\Debug\espaçoGIS.Tutorial.resources
C:\Users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\obj\x86\Debug\espaçoGIS.ConexaoDB.resources
C:\Users\eduardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CS\espaçoGIS\espaçoGIS\obj\x86\Debug\espaçoGIS.atmcorr.resources
